[IMP] general: Update email server configuration instructions (#17601)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/email_communication/email_servers_inbound.rst

.. important::
   This configuration only works with a subdomain on the Odoo Online or Odoo.sh infrastructure

>    (e.g., `@mail.mydomain.com`). Simply point the MX record on the custom subdomain to the Odoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (e.g., `@mail.mydomain.com`). Simply point the MX record from the custom subdomain to the Odoo
```

   subdomain of your database.

>    Example: mail.mydomain.com MX -> dbname.odoo.com

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (e.g., `@mail.mydomain.com`). Point the MX record from the custom subdomain to the Odoo
   subdomain of your database, e.g., from `mail.mydomain.com` to `dbname.odoo.com`.
```

Author: Hiho, @xpl-odoo pushed your suggestion as requested ;)
